Welcome to a first video of
Channel and cigar mw2 gameplay nothing
special as I said no enough 100
plus words or other I have with
Often I've kept my silence
completely crazy because I did not
knew which ones should play
First, the complete over loops
where I thought sacred shit goes
do not shoot here, for example
beautiful pharma players with silencer
take hollo sight or again dirt
rips and pc player party stars
partner with rapid fire here he is
as many players as me with that
must stop with me so I mean it
is no difficulty for me ump
to hold hands
fun aside, yes no I have
Do not bother ever so far get along theories
to go because or that
to enter the gameplay because of the gameplay
is relatively shit for me because it is
whose queries which have only thought
Holy shit, we steer an egg
that is the true saying and yes what is
what awaits you for a channel
a channel waiting for the piece of news
Comments
in a sense I'm going to have
commission mixed ostrich so do
not only speaks call of duty
battlefield so i will too
battlefield make it clear but am
me of course a real office so me
I'm so much better than that
in call of duty world for me no
sense because I can grab it just as it is
big shit cartoon fucking
Well not that, of course, that's something
just wanted it is ready
cartoon fucking what he has there
you nothing and reality, you run into it
few things over then you have yours
fucking arms with the 1000 euro gets
because he was a perfect firearm
in a good picture is of course, too
I balance my world relatively well
a lot of taste then the overbought is the
Weapons are actually the same strength
Great all the good the pumpgun are
of course to the relatively high
reach of is also on the
other weapons balanced but the
strengthening of the weapons so I think
actually battlefield is actually
so cold everything compensates me
I really can not over bed
complain
einzigste's logical accustomed it comes
me here a battlefield nor to
the bag so I have to say that I
I'm actually pretty good
century brings in any case
from benedict I can not
complain what keeps me really
Excitement is just this whole
homoeopath bruce in chat or something like that
then once the dogs come down and
get it down and then
maybe only every 550 minutes ever
after how long he without genes and then
come down once jumps down
kill it but fair 'strict chat and
then it is exactly right again
which game is taken over in any case
can you really play it then so how
the people who do not know how much
or for the people themselves
Know where you get in the video
description is a download link there
can you go get the ten
percent discount on games so please
people you can definitely for
I buy that I myself only in
quotes how much 4 can buy
because it important need when I
I'm going to be 40 at the moment
Bad at checkout and everything lights up
Do not really wait and I have it all
This does not just matter to a partner
there is also on my profile
appears I have a little bit longer
so but happy because you buy friends before
But I get a discount
does not matter
So people if I really like that
or if you really want something from it
then it will definitely be here
then buy
relatively cheap in any case you can
Do not mess around and still how much
I hope that the gameplay
If so, as I said that would have liked
rating as a comment or ever
according to the proven 1 comment no
know thumb up or down
and a comment and maybe then
but maybe i am just starting
no praise that was just all about relative
I'm shit because I just
still ripped off felt by the game and
we're going to go now as well
already beginning the end to here yet
a nice one with it
quotation marks triple
I can prescribe that, but it is
no matter where I profile all my nova
bam bam bam bam bam double and triple
I did not realize I can
april said shit wears it
Come here has fallen and my videos
generally the camp of the ultra first
Video
only it has been a small with me
Just me out of gold or what about
wanted to say so people as I said
if you liked the words
heard before and also my word
heard me say shake with evil and
I 'm out